Dad, even if I die
You can't marry this trash
bastard
Whether you like it or not
This marriage must be concluded
Dad?
Who says this marriage has to be done?
Oh, dear.
Mom, you're finally back.
Look at your poverty
I still want to marry my Xueyao
Are you worthy? You are dying
Xueyao will never marry you
Here's a hundred thousand dollars.
Take him and get out
Don't bring your bad luck into our house
Yan Xue, this marriage cannot be refunded
We Xueyao
It was Ye
Household jade pendants keep their temper
This jade pendant is a token of love
If you return it this time
The wound of the snow demon is in danger
Isn't that the jade pendant I brought?
I'll give it back to him now.
My jade pendant is missing